Create rule S7096: Initialization formals shouldn't be unnecessarily type annotated (#4326)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7096/dart/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> In Dart, there's a concise syntax for constructors with init formals.   You candeclare a simple class with constructor this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Dart, there's a concise syntax for constructors with init formals. You can declare a simple class with constructor this way:
```
